[Autogenerated] The first page is one of those pages
where I don't have to make any changes.
It defaults to using the profile I set up for the toolkit,
giving it permissions to do the publishing.
I'll leave the configuration as released and I'll
leave the default repository name.
And yes, that's supposed to be repository,
not repository defaulting to the name of the APP net core a.
Piat.
I'm not gonna bother with image tags.
And the deployment target is already set to the correct
option to run this as a service on an E.
C s cluster.
And do leave this check mark here to store the
settings in a Jason file in the project.
So nothing to change.
And I'll go to the next page where there are only two changes.
We need to make the containers that air run from an image or group in a cluster,
and you do want to create a new MP cluster just for this
applications containers give it a name and for consistency,
I'll still use net Corey P I.
Next is where Fargate comes into play.
We definitely want to launch with Fargate because I'm creating a
new empty cluster and I don't have any existing.
You see two clusters Anyway, this launch type is locked on fargate.
I can't even change it here.
But far, Gates, what I want anyway that will take care of most of the effort.
Once we've done this configuration for the compute capacity,
leave these defaults which are the lowest options
and will be OK in your free tier.
The next pair of settings is really important.
Choosing the VPC by way of its sub nets as well as the security group.
Remember that A VPC is essentially a private network
on AWS and I have a few VP sees,
including the default VPC and the one I created for my RTs database.
Instance, by default,
this wizard has chosen sub nets from my accounts default vpc And
if I used those that would result in a lot more work and knowledge
about working with the RTs database, then we should have to worry about.
So I'm gonna change this to use the sub nets from the VPC that
the rds instance is already part of all in.
Check the sub nets for the default and check all three sub nets one for
each of the U S East regions from the plural site rds BPC,
before it closest, noticed the security group over on the right.
That's the one.
Associate it with the default vpc.
As soon as I close this,
that's going to change to the default security group of the plural site RTs vpc.
And now it's been updated with the default security
group for the VPC I want to work with, and I don't have to touch that now.
Another option on this page is Theus Ein Public I p address.
It's already checked and just leave that default.
So the only changes on this page, we're giving a name to the new E.
C s cluster and changing the subjects and security group to the appropriate VPC.
Now let's go to the next pitch.
Only one thing to change here on this page,
and that defines the service that's responsible for
managing the running containers.
We do want a new service for this app,
and again I'll keep the default name that's also the name of the application.
Tasks are interesting.
This really specifies how many containers should be
available if you only have one, and it's got a problem.
That won't be good.
But since this isn't really for production, I'll set this to two tasks.
I really don't need any more than that.
That's the only change, and we can move on to the next page,
which is where you define a load balancer.
The load balancer sits in front of the service and containers,
and its most important job is to ensure that users can
always browse to the same your l.
Even though the different tasks have their own euros and the
load balancer will distribute the load across,
However, many tasks or container instances are available.
Let's have this create a new load balancer just for this application and
notice that making that selection causes the rest of the pages options to be
populated and all these default values air just fine.
Now we could move on to the final page,
where will create a new set of configurations called task definitions.
Remember that a task is a representation of a campaigner,
and here we used task definitions to describe attributes of the containers,
and all of the container instances will be described by the same ask definition.
We want to create a new task definition here.
The definition itself needs a name, and the container needs a name to.
The Wizard will default both names to the name of the application,
and that works just fine for May.
Permissions are very important when defining
everything that fargate needs to know.
The application running in a container needs access to other AWS services.
For example,
permission to get to the parameter store insistence manager
so we can read the database credentials.
That's the task role.
Since this is a demo app and not production for the task roll,
I'll create a new role that's based on the power user access policy.
And we also need to specify a second role,
one that allows fargate to pull images from the E C R.
Remember, that's the elastic container registry and to publish logs,
and we can just leave that as the default green new and the tool
will create the correctly configured role for you.
The container will serve up our A P I on Port 80 and when a
containers run the last piece of Info House docker to please add an
environment variable in the container called SP net core underscore
environment with a value production.
Remember that I change the program file so that it will only
attempt to read from Systems Manager parameter store when the
environment variables anything but development.
Well,
this is how that setting gets into the container and
is available to the application.
So in the container, it will be production,
and the program will go ahead and read from the parameter store,
and that's it.
So, again, we went through a lot of information for this,
but most of it was just to ensure you knew what all of these options were for,
but we didn't have to really make too many changes to the default values.
So truly,
there wasn't a lot of effort here and now it's time to publish this thing to the cloud.